[Music]
the male polar bears ice world has
finally vanished beneath him
while the female is still kept on land
by her dependent cubs the male can take
to the sea in search of food ducking and
diving he hopes to ambush seals resting
on the remaining fragments of ice
[Music]
in these new surroundings he is a
surprisingly adept swimmer
[Music]
once an extremely rare sight polar bears
have recently been seen over 60 miles
from the shore
[Music]
there is now no turning back for this
bear he's forced to head out into deeper
water
[Music]
his giant front paws help him to fight
the ocean currents
[Music]
he seems at home in the sea but he
cannot swim indefinitely he will drown
if he doesn't find land somewhere in
this vast ocean